There is a speech by Okuma-hatsu from Hadaima.
The speech is about the power of the public opinion in the country.
The Parliament was dissolved.
The election was held last month.
Now, the election is being contested by the whole country.
I believe that the most important thing is to consider the power of public opinion in the country.
The election was held in the form of a government election.
If you don't think about your development, your party will be destroyed.
The election has been held in the form of a government election.
The situation of the election is not perfect.
It is a time when the situation is not perfect.
I hope that the public opinion will be supported by the public opinion of the country.
The public opinion is a political development.